And the next section is going to be building it is going to be a team section or so going to we're going
to go back to our next issue here.
I don't know where we're going to start with a comment so we're going to say we're here team we're going
to select the line and copy and paste this here over to say and of team when you don't like this and
then we're going to play a title.
So what we'll do here we're going to say a section here then the idea is going to be team like this.
And then the first thing that we would need is obviously a title.
So we're going to grab this title here from the previous section and come up with this one.
Let's copy and paste this note here we're going to write this is going to be team team here and now
that we have this title we're here we're going to start creating our team section.
And the first thing that I'm going to say is this is going to be a day of something give and with that
idea of team center this once we have to give now we wouldn't want to create a team member.
So I'm going to say team member.
Then again so on line copy and paste and we're going to say we're here and of team member and now that
we have the comments over here.
Then we're going to write that this is going to be an article.
So I'm going to say article and this is going to be a class of team member a member class Stabb an on
here and this is going to be an article.
Then after that we'll will have a image.
So we're going to say this is give him any message right and we're the source of all images.
And over here we're going to try to get 80 points here I'm going to say this is going to be Team number
one.
Then after that we would have the actual footer.
All right.
So we're here to say a team member member here.
And then after that we'll going to have the actual image for.
So going to create or here a div and we're going to give it a class.
We're hearing this and this is going to be image for so Image image for now that we have the image of
what we were going to put inside.
This is going to be a foot of rainfall and social icons.
So what are going to do here and this is going to be a day of class or here with Fuller info for info
like this and within a foot of rainfall are going to have a heading three more here like this.
And this is going to say John Doe here that after that we're going to have a heading five and we're
going to say this is going to be a web developer here and we're going to have some social icons.
It's We're going to play Stabb and just keep the site where we have.
Right so this is going to be for her.
This is going to be new info.
So now what we would want or hear is place these icons.
So I'm going to say we're here.
This is going to be social icons icons or hear press tab and once we have the social icons we're going
to have a link right here hashtag on this and then on here we're going to have a high half a day on
here Twitter that's going to be the first social icon and then we're going to have three more.
So it's like this whole thing.
Copy and paste this over here and then we're going to go back over here and just have a few lines.
All right.
We're going to read this here and I was going to leave it for Facebook here.
Then the next one over here is going to be Instagram.
And then after that we're going to have linked in.
All right so when can we hear this now that we have this now the last thing that we actually would want
right still within our photo here right.
We would actually want to place more here link right.
And the link is going to be this guy right.
So basically what's happening is as this is actually going to be hovering right you can see that the
link is going to be appearing.
So what's going to happen is again you can see that we have the photo right.
So still within the photo or do you want to do is have the link on your hash tag.
I know he'll have a class of her for her.
I can so I'm going to say for her I can go over here and I know are going to place a are phantasm to
say hi.
Hey I have a row right here like this right.
Press time and now we have the arrow.
So now we're actually ready to copy and paste this and just change the images so we're going to grab
a team member here and let's copy and paste this one two three.
To have three of them all here and this is going to be number two.
This is going to be number three.
And the last one is going to be number four.
And now that we're done with our the mouse we can say this and we can go to many cases and start styling
this.